include $(SRCDIR)/mk/own.mk

include $(CURDIR)/cmdbox/Makefile.inc

include $(CURDIR)/cat/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/clear/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/cp/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/date/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/dmesg/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/echo/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/free/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/head/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/hostname/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/kill/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/ls/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/mkdir/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/more/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/mv/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/nice/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/printenv/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/ps/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/pwd/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/rm/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/rmdir/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/sh/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/sleep/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/sync/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/test/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/touch/Makefile.inc
include $(CURDIR)/uname/Makefile.inc

include $(SRCDIR)/mk/prog.mk
